Update EIP-7748: refactor eip7610 account handling code (#9695)
ethereum/EIPs: EIPS/eip-7748.md

    while n < stride and not state._conversion_finished:
        curr_account = state.get_conversion_account()
        
        # Skip translating storage if the account has an empty code hash.

>         if cur_account.nonce == 0 and len(cur_account.code) == 0 and cur_account.state_root != empty_state_root:

Reviewer: I think `and cur_account.state_root != empty_state_root` is not necessary since it is already handled below.

Author: true

Author: actually I don't think this is handled below, because then:

 - on L177 `curr_account.phase` is `StoragePhase`
 - on L181 `trie` is _not_ `None` since the state root isn't empty
 - so the leaves will be converted, which is not what we want.

Author: ```suggestion
        # Skip storage conversion for accounts with 0 nonce and empty code.
        # This covers the 28 EIP-7610 accounts, but would also covers all
        # pre-eip161 accounts on other chains.
        if cur_account.nonce == 0 and len(cur_account.code) == 0:
```
